She wants to meet her three friends and Yeon-yeon for dinner together.
There's never time.
Sotchen, go home and eat.
We wait for Yeon Yeon to come home.
No, why is it so messy in this house?
Sister Snow, I've moved in with Tu Nien.
This Yeon-yeon is with her richest boyfriend.
The three of us grew up together.
How could he love?
These are all Yeon Yeon's favorites.
Maybe he forgot to take it.
Let's finish packing and send it to him.
Okay, let's clean up together.
This thing is heavy.
Yeon-yeon, what are you calling me for tonight?
Didn't you move house?
Your favorite table lamp and earring novel forgot to bring it with you.
We have sent it to you.
I don't need these anymore.
You can throw it away.
You can keep it yourself.
Hey, I'm so sleepy, I'm going home to rest.
Isn't it true that this young woman already has a rich boyfriend?
Why has it changed so much?